# This blog post passed unit tests

[//]: # (TODO link here)
I'm reading a book called "Writing for Developers",  
which has some great advice on writing blog posts that get read.

It takes an interesting approach to using AI, and I decided to try it out.

I think it has some parallels to the way we write code,
you need an idea, an objective, and finally you can plan how to get there.

Testing is also a big part of modern programming. Maybe not exploratory programming
(but I'd argue that's also a different kind of writing) but when you set out to reach an objective,
codifying where you want to get is a great way to avoid getting lost, or stuck.

Something I particularly love about test driven development is that of course sometimes I need to take a break,
and when I come back, if I have tests, I can start right where I left. Without tests, it can take hours before
I remember what I was trying to do...

And I'd like to apply something similar to writing, sometimes I feel inspired and words just flow,
I know I can come back later to do some "refactoring", I will iterate on text and make it sound more natural.

But the real point is, once I'm done, did I meet my objective? After all, I wanted to write a blog post that gets read.
I want to get feedback out of it, some interesting ideas... yeah I don't believe that much in "writing for yourself",
sure it can be a way to organise my thoughts, but then why not just write a diary? Of course if I publish it
I think I'm putting some real value out there, and somebody else might find it an interesting or useful read.

This doesn't mean I need to write something completely new, but I do need to give it a human touch, and bring out new
ideas.
I love this definition of an idea being a combination of two or more previous ideas.

It's particularly nice because it's recursive, I guess? (And who doesn't love recursion) But also because it's a way
to break down any concept, a form of linear algebra for ideas, if you will.

I'm not sure if I'm making any sense, but I'm having fun writing this, and I hope you're having fun reading it.

I'm going to stop here, and I'll come back later to refactor this text, and maybe add some more ideas.
